Absence diminishes little passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans a fire.
Adieu! I have too grieved a heart to take a tedious leave.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
As contraries are known by contraries, so is the delight of presence best known by the torments of absence.
As the presence of those we love is as a double life, so absence, in its anxious longing and sense of vacancy, is as a foretaste of death.
Be well, do good work, and keep in touch.
But fate ordains that dearest friends must part.
Can miles truly separate you from friends? If you want to be with someone you love, aren’t you already there?
Close the door on your way out.
Don’t be dismayed at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain for those who are friends.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
Excuse me, then! You know my heart;\nBut dearest friends, alas! must part.
Fare thee well! and if for ever,\nStill for ever, fare thee well.
Farewell! Thou art too dear for my possessing.
Farewell, my sister, fare thee well.\nThe elements be kind to thee, and make\nThy spirits all of comfort: fare thee well.
Give me now leave, to leave thee.
Go thy ways.
God save you, sir!
Gone — flitted away,\nTaken the stars from the night and the sun\nFrom the day!\nGone, and a cloud in my heart.
Good riddance.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
I wanted a perfect ending. Now I’ve learned, the hard way, that some poems don’t rhyme, and some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what’s going to happen next.
If I had a single flower for every time I think of you, I could walk forever in my garden.
It’s time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I’d much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
Let the best of the past be the worst of the future
Love is missing someone whenever you’re apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because you’re close in heart.
Love reckons hours for months, and days for years; and every little absence is an age.
Man’s feelings are always purest and most glowing in the hour of meeting and of farewell.
May flowers always line your path and sunshine light your day.\nMay songbirds serenade you every step along the way.\nMay a rainbow run beside you in a sky that’s always blue.\nAnd may happiness fill your heart each day your whole life through._'
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face and the rain fall softly on your fields. And until we meet again, may God hold you in the hollow of his hand.
May the sun shine, all day long,\neverything go right, and nothing wrong.\nMay those you love bring love back to you,\nand may all the wishes you wish come true!
May you always have walls for the winds,\na roof for the rain, tea beside the fire,\nlaughter to cheer you, those you love near you,\nand all your heart might desire.
May you always have work for your hands to do.\nMay your pockets hold always a coin or two.\nMay the sun shine bright on your windowpane.\nMay the rainbow be certain to follow each rain.\nMay the hand of a friend always be near you.\nAnd may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you.
May you have warm words on a cool evening, a full moon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May your days be many and your troubles be few.
May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light,\nMay good luck pursue you each morning and night.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other’s worth.',
Not to understand a treasure’s worth till time has stole away the slighted good, is cause of half the poverty we feel, and makes the world the wilderness it is.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.
One kind kiss before we part,\nDrop a tear, and bid adieu;\nThough we sever, my fond heart\nTill we meet shall pant for you.
Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love.
Promise me you’ll never forget me because if I thought you would I’d never leave.
Remember me and smile, for it’s better to forget than to remember me and cry.
Rest you merry.
She went her unremembering way,\nShe went and left in me\nThe pang of all the partings gone,\nAnd partings yet to be.
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
So sweetly she bade me adieu,\nI thought that she bade me return.
That bitter word, which closed all earthly friendships and finished every feast of love farewell!
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
The return makes one love the farewell.
There are no goodbyes for us. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart.
There lies your way.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
To die and part is a less evil; but to part and live, there, there is the torment.
To part is the lot of all mankind. The world is a scene of constant leave-taking, and the hands that grasp in cordial greeting today, are doomed ere long to unite for the the last time, when the quivering lips pronounce the word – Farewell.
We only part to meet again.
What shall I do with all the days and hours\nThat must be counted ere I see thy face?\nHow shall I charm the interval that lowers\nBetween this time and that sweet time of grace?
Where is the good in goodbye?
Ye flowers that drop, forsaken by the spring,\nYe birds that, left by summer, cease to sing,\nYe trees that fade, when Autumn heats remove,\nSay, is not absence death to those who love?