What are you happy about in life right now?
What are you excited about in life right now?
What are you proud about in life right now?
What are you grateful about in life right now?
What are you enjoying about in life right now?
What are you committed about in life right now?
What was the last compliment you received?
What was a small thing that happened today that made you smile?
What's one kind or thoughtful thing someone did for you recently?
Who has helped you become the person you are today, and what's the top thing you'd thank them for?
Who's someone who always really listens when you talk, and how does that affect you?
What's the best thing that happened today so far?
What's something that inspired you recently?
Has anyone done anything recently that made your job easier?
What's one thing you enjoyed about doing your job recently?
Can you think of any non-physical gifts you've received recently—someone's time, attention, understanding, or support?
Who have you enjoyed being around recently, and why?
How have you used your talents and abilities recently, and what have you enjoyed about doing that?
What have you learned recently that will help you in the future?
What made you laugh or smile today?
What's the last song you heard that you enjoyed? How did it make you feel, and why?
Have you experienced any blessings in disguise lately—things that didn't turn out as you'd hoped and yet turned out for the best?
What's the weather like today, and what's one good thing about that?
How has technology enhanced your life and your connections recently?
Have you had an opportunity to help someone recently, and how did you feel about that?
What's one thing you experienced recently that made you feel a sense of wonder or awe?
What's the best thing about your home, and have you taken time to enjoy it recently?
If you didn't get what you wanted today, can you identify something in what you got that's worth having?
What's improved about your life from this time last year?
What choices have you made in the last five years that you'd thank yourself for making?
What's something you did well recently, and what qualities or skills enabled you to do this?
Who made a positive difference in your life recently?
What's something you're looking forward to in the future?
What did you learn from the most difficult part of your day yesterday, and how will this lesson benefit you going forward?
What's something you witnessed recently that reminded you that life is good?
What's something you witnessed recently that reminded you that people are good?
How many of your basic needs do you not need to worry about meeting today?
What event or interaction made you feel good about yourself recently?
How have you made personal or professional progress lately?
What simple pleasures did you enjoy—or can you enjoy—today?
What modern conveniences (i.e.: electronics and appliances) do you enjoy that make your life easier?
What's the most beautiful thing you saw today?
What's something enjoyable you get to experience every day that you've come to take for granted?
What are three things your arms or legs allow you to do that you enjoy?
What's the kindest thing someone has done for you lately?
How do your friends and/or family members show they care about you?
What's the last thing you enjoyed with your senses—a good meal, a song you love, or aromatherapy—and how amazing is it that you were able to experience that?
What movie, book, blog, or article affected your life for the better recently?
What have you seen in nature recently that made you feel happy, peaceful, or free?
How has modern medicine improved your life, recently or overall?
How does electricity simplify and improve your life—and can you imagine what life would like be like without it?
What's your favorite thing about your bed, and how often does it enable you to get restful sleep?
What's something you have easy access to that always improves your mood, and how has it improved your life?
Who in your life has survived something difficult, and how do you feel when you think about the fact that they're still here?
Have you recently imagined a worst-case scenario that didn't actually happen?
What risk would you take if you knew you could not fail?
What is your greatest strength? Have any of your recent actions demonstrated this strength?
What are the top five things you cherish in your life?
When do you stop calculating risk and rewards, and just do it?
At what time in your recent past have you felt most passionate and alive?
What do you most connect with? Why?
What one piece of advice would you offer a newborn child?
Why do we do things we dislike and like the things we never seem to do?
What are you avoiding?
What is the one job/cause/activity that could get you out of bed happily for the rest of your life?
When it's all said and done, will you have said more than you've done?
What are you most grateful for?
What would you say is one thing you'd like to change in the world?
Do you find yourself influencing your world, or it influencing you?
Are you doing what you believe in or settling for what you're doing?
What are you committed to?
If joy became the national currency, what kind of work would make you wealthy?
Have you been the kind of friend you'd want as one?
Do any of the things that used to upset you a few years ago matter at all today?What's changed?
Would you rather have less work to do or more work you enjoy doing?
What permission do you need/want to move forward?
How different would your life be if there weren't any criticism in the world?
What about today will be better than yesterday?